# CplusplusProgram
# The Gaming Room client and their software requirements
The Gaming Room wants to make Draw It or Lose it available on different platforms. It is currently only available on Android, they want it to be available on different Operating Systems. The game will be four rounds with each being a minute long. If the playing team does not guess within thirty seconds, the opposite team gets fifteen seconds to give one guess.Only one game can be going at one time(only one team participating at once), teams should be of similar or same size, game must be able to run on different platforms, Teams must have different names to help differentiate between the teams,.
# What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation
I was able to interpret what was expected and then took these expectations and took them into the code. Being able to listen to the clients wants and needs and then determing which features had priority over other requirements.
# What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing code?
When developing the code working with a design document made it easier to determine what was needed. What functions needed to be added to the code. Being able to look at the design document and determining from there what was missing or expected to be in the code.
# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise,what would you pick?How would you improve it?
I would revise the wording and the information that was contained. Including more information that would be useful to the reader, explaining in better words whats happening and what the different systems are.
# How did you interpret the user's needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user's needs when designing?
I interpreted the user's needs by taking what was said and interpreting it as what would be wanted for the game. Implementing these into the design based on the different design characteristics and their importantce to the game. It is important to consider the user's needs when designing to help make the experience as positive as possible. Taking all considerations on what the user would need to have a positive experience with the game to keep engagement up.
# How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
I appraoched designing software with an open mind, keeping all softwares into consideration. Some techniques or strategies that I would use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application is taking the project into smaller parts. Seeing the project as a whole and keeping the design simple. If there is more needed, this can be added at the end.
